Thai charset (#2151)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch: manual/Creating_a_table/NLP_and_tokenization/Morphology.md

Lemmatizers require dictionary `.pak` files that can be [downloaded from the Manticore website](https://manticoresearch.com/install/#other-downloads). The dictionaries need to be put in the directory specified by [lemmatizer_base](../../Server_settings/Common.md#lemmatizer_base). Additionally, the [lemmatizer_cache](../../Data_creation_and_modification/Adding_data_from_external_storages/Plain_tables_creation.md#lemmatizer_cache) setting can be used to speed up lemmatizing by spending more RAM for an uncompressed dictionary cache.

> The Chinese language segmentation can be performed using [ICU](http://site.icu-project.org/). It provides more precise segmentation compared to n-grams but is slightly slower. The [charset_table](../../Creating_a_table/NLP_and_tokenization/Low-level_tokenization.md#charset_table) must include all Chinese characters, which can be done by using the "cont" alias. When "morphology=icu_chinese" is specified, the documents are first pre-processed by ICU. Then, the result is processed by the tokenizer according to the charset_table, and finally, other morphology processors specified in the "morphology" option are applied. Only those parts of texts that contain Chinese are passed to ICU for segmentation, while others can be modified by different means such as different morphologies or charset_table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chinese language segmentation can be performed using [ICU](http://site.icu-project.org/). It provides more precise segmentation compared to n-grams but is slightly slower. The [charset_table](../../Creating_a_table/NLP_and_tokenization/Low-level_tokenization.md#charset_table) must include all Chinese characters, which can be done by using the "cont", "cjk" or "chinese" character sets. When "morphology=icu_chinese" is specified, the documents are first pre-processed by ICU. Then, the result is processed by the tokenizer according to the charset_table, and finally, other morphology processors specified in the "morphology" option are applied. Only those parts of texts that contain Chinese are passed to ICU for segmentation, while others can be modified by different means such as different morphologies or charset_table.
```
